[Original Source Link](https://www.shine.com/jobs/software-engineer-backend/feeld-ltd/11021647)

# Software Engineer - Backend


## Job Description

At Feeld we create safe and progressive spaces for exploring sexual desire and relationships. We are building an inclusive, human-centred product and are currently expanding our development team with several engineers.

We're looking for an energetic, experienced and self-motivated human to join our remote team and make a change in how people connect and explore their sexuality. As a Software Engineer working on the Backend, you will be responsible for building and maintaining our budding microservices architecture. A polyglot experienced developing microservices in Haskell and Node.js (we are polyglot, but we have a preference for strongly-typed functional languages).

We expect someone who is eager to learn and to teach, who can work independently and help others achieve their best. You are a mentor and an architect, experienced in scaling systems with a focus for privacy and security. You will join a small yet growing team of super talented, mission-oriented humans spread across the world.
As a member of the development team, you will:

* Provide and improve the infrastructure of the Feeld app
* Constantly work on diverse and challenging new functionalities
* Partner with other teams to share tools, expertise, and create effective solutions
* Write production code for large scale application tools
* Be able to influence business and product delivery in flexible company structure
* Conduct the code review and provide the feedback to your teammates
* Write the ethical code and don t be afraid of sharing your opinion

## Desired skills

* You have fun and experience in programming complex software technologies
* You have strong experience developing applications in Haskell
* You have experience with TDD (Test-Driven Development)
* You are able to solve operational issues through engineering automated solutions
* You have experience with Microservices, Kubernetes, Servant, Haskell, MongoDB, Node.js/Coffeescript (we've got legacy code)

## What we offer

* Outstanding development team and personal growth opportunities
* Unlimited holidays
* Fully remote and flexible working hours
* Bi-annual retreats
* Equity options
* Expense accounts
* Training budgets
* Computer and home office equipment
* Full-transparency open data, open salaries, open equity
* Access to the Feeld flat in Porto, Portugal
* Friendly humans, and a dynamic, fast-paced internal working environment

## About Us

Feeld is an independent, experimental and fully remote organisation reshaping the dialogue on dating and sexuality. The company was founded 6 years ago and has evolved since to become the open, distributed structure it is now. We don t believe in standard management, so we have a naturally agile and fluid culture. The whole team is fully remote, which means you work where and when helps you perform at your best. We regard autonomy highly and treat our organisation as a product we iterate, improve and test things internally to see what works best for everyone.
