[Original Source Link](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/2159654785)

# SMTS - IDE Integration - VSCode, Compiler Tech, Haskell

VMware is looking for a Software Engineer to join the Office of the CTO at VMware, within the xLabs group. xLabs is the internal incubator of VMware where R&D ideas are developed from inception all the way through to execution with a clear go to market strategy identified.

We are developing a new open-source programming language, **Differential Datalog**, designed to perform incremental computations very efficiently. We are looking for a developer that has experience with writing **VSCode** extensions to help add support for Differential Datalog to VSCode. The ideal candidate is comfortable working on an open-source project in a dynamic innovation-oriented environment. It requires iterating rapidly with product management and engineering teams and being flexible as requirements evolve.

## Responsibilities

* Work with a globally distributed, world-class software development team.
* Implement a VSCode extension for a new domain-specific language
* Help extend the DDlog compiler with capabilities required for IDE integration
* Help drive internal and external adoption of the technology: participate in writing research papers and documentation, give internal and external talks, work with the open source community, as well as other VMware business units to promote the use of the technology. 
* Communicate at all levels of an organization and across diverse cultural and linguistic barriers.
* Operate effectively under pressure.

## Requirements

* Experience writing VSCode extensions
* Experience with compiler technologies 
* The knowledge of Haskell is preferred
* Communicate clearly and be just as comfortable writing and speaking in person or on a video call to explain anything related the project to developers and their managers.
* 3+ years of Release or Software Engineering experience
* Experience working on open source software projects
* Excellent troubleshooting skills and great attention to detail

## The Opportunity

VMware’s xLabs program offers a unique new technology incubation program where small teams work closely to create exciting and disruptive new technologies with broad impact to the company and often moving the state of the art forward in various areas. This position will be a key role for a new project that is just getting started and which will be an important part of a new initiative within our management business unit. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to work with other world class innovators, understand the dynamics of building new technology in a ‘startup like’ context but within a large and mature company. The xLabs experience is the perfect place for developers looking to blaze new trails and work on a high impact project.

## VMware Offers

* Attractive compensation package - competitive salary, flexible bonus scheme, company sponsored mobile phone plan and additional long term incentives
* Individual career path - management and technical career growth, enhanced by learning and development program, regular performance assessment, teams of world-wide IT professionals.
* Healthy work environment - company sponsored medical program, food and beverage program, sport activities, open communication
* As part of the VMware global standards for integrity you will be required to go through a pre-employment screening process before you join.

All job applications will be treated with strict confidentiality

Category : Engineering and Technology
Subcategory: Software Engineering
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Remote: No
Posted Date: 2020-09-11

## VMware Company Overview:

At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

## Equal Employment Opportunity Statement:

VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
