[Original Source Link](https://juspay.in/sde-functional-programming)

# SDE - Functional Programming at Juspay

JUSPAY is a Payments Exchange connecting merchants, payment providers and banks. With a deep focus on delivering seamless payments UX at scale, we are trusted partners for all major internet companies in India. After surpassing 200M SDK installs and building systems handling the highest payments traffic in India of 2000 TPS, we are now making the next stride to power end-to-end payments for India.

99.999% Availability | 50M Txns/day | 1-Click Experience

## What will you be doing?

You'll be working on the core problems pertaining to our centers of excellence. Each of our Centres of Excellence balances the dual of Framework Development (The Ideal) and Business Enablement (The Practical)

1.  **Backend: Business Logic to handle evolving payment requirements (UPI, Integrations, Authentication) flexibly**

    1.  Biggest FP company with entire business logic in FP
    2.  Concise Expression of complex Payment Logic
    3.  API Integrations
2.  **Data Science: Intelligence from more than a billion transactions to enable automated and smart payment operations**

    1.  Intelligent traffic routing
    2.  Self-Healing systems
    3.  Automatic Anomaly Detection
    4.  Intelligent Payment Assist
    5.  AI-powered Payment Operations
    6.  Aesthetic Visualization of Data
3.  **Infrastructure: Reliable and 99.999% Available infrastructure which can power payments for India**

    1.  Multi-DC Architecture
    2.  Infrastructure DSL for unified management at scale
    3.  Distributed computing in Edge devices

## Apply if you are:

1.  Passionate about programming and are curious about FP and have >1 years of development experience
2.  A seeker of depth and can see work as a means to achieve it
3.  Looking for aesthetic in your code
4.  Someone who can stick to a project for long stretches of time either to solve a hard problem or to achieve a high bar of perfection (marathoner)
5.  An ambitious and constant learner who takes challenges to up-skill yourself

## Why work in Juspay?

**_Payments.. big deal?_** Yes, it is a big deal. The wind is strongly blowing in favor of electronic payments - India wants to buy/order everything online, go cashless (regulation) and can’t have enough of using smartphones! Startups and internet businesses currently see a payment’ success rate of 60% ( 40 out of 100 people fail during the payments process!). These businesses that will define our future are absolutely dependent on solving digital payments. Big industry with bigger problems to solve!

**_How can Engineering solve this?_** Payments is a complex ecosystem involving banks, RBI regulations, payment networks, telecom infrastructure, online and offline merchants. There is no way to align all these stars without radical engineering innovation. Talk to us about it.

**_What does Juspay offer?_** You get the opportunity to work in a free liberal environment with some of the best engineers and entrepreneurs. We live & breathe the art of building amazing products with impeccable engineering. We have heavily invested on new methods of engineering using Functional Programming/FRP, Haskell/Purescript and Scalable Data Systems. We want more innovators and a little bit of madness to take it further. For us office is like home with everything needed to make us comfortably code all day and chill out too. We have a full size piano, drums and a Shruti box if you are into music :) Lots of books, pictionary and interesting people to talk to about varied subjects - art, philosophy and of course about how to do the highest feats of engineering/design. We take an active interest in helping people reach their highest potential.
