[Original Source Link](https://segfault.systems/runtime_systems_engineer.html)

# Runtime Systems Engineer

The [Multicore OCaml](https://github.com/ocaml-multicore) project aims to bring native support for scalable concurrency and shared memory parallelism to the OCaml programming language. At its core, Multicore OCaml extends OCaml with [effect handlers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2104.00250) for expressing scalable concurrency, and a [high-performance concurrent garbage collector](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.11663) aimed at responsive networked applications. Multicore OCaml is also the first industrial-strength language to be equipped with [an efficient yet modular memory model](https://kcsrk.info/papers/pldi18-memory.pdf), allowing high-level local program reasoning while retaining performance. Multicore OCaml is actively being developed and core features are being [upstreamed to OCaml](https://github.com/ocaml/ocaml/pulls?q=label%3Amulticore-prerequisite+).

## Qualifications & Experience

We are looking for an experienced (3Y+) systems engineer to join our team. Ideally, you will have:

*   Excellent knowledge of C programming, parallel programming and Operating Systems.
*   Worked on Compilers, Garbage Collectors and other runtime systems.
*   Working knowledge of computer architecture and micro-architecture.
*   Experience in analysing benchmarks and application performance.
*   Track record of building production quality software.
*   Demonstrable open source contributions are a plus, but not required.
*   Good communication skills in English; English is the corporate language.
*   Experience of working in multidisciplinary teams.

## Responsibilities

*   Design and implement features in the Multicore OCaml runtime system.
*   Develop tests and documentation for the Multicore OCaml features.
*   Implement parallel benchmarks, analyse and improve the performance of Multicore OCaml programs.
*   Submit pull requests to the OCaml programming language on GitHub, and work with the OCaml core team to get the features merged.
*   Work with external clients and other teams to gather requirements, develop proposals, design solutions and communicate project statuses.
*   Provide technical mentorship to other developers on the team.
*   Communicate with the wider open-source community (discuss, blog posts, meetups, conferences, talks, etc.).

## What we offer

*   Competitive pay and benefits package.
*   Flexible working hours and the possibility to work remotely within India.
*   Supportive team environment with experienced Technical and Team Leads.
*   The opportunity to grow with a fast-growing company.

## Apply

Please send your CV and cover letter to **jobs@segfault.systems**.

If shortlisted, you will have three online interviews starting with a general interview, followed by a technical interview, and finally an interview with the team.

We welcome applications from people of all backgrounds. We strive to create a representative, inclusive and friendly team, because we know that different experiences, perspectives and backgrounds make for a better workplace.
