[Original Source Link](https://www.smartrecruiters.com/AristaNetworks/743999748175066-senior-software-engineer-integrations-remote-)

# Software Engineer - Integrations (Remote)

## Company Description

Arista was founded by Andy Bechtolsheim who also founded Sun Microsystems and was one of the original investors in Google. Arista is a profitable, publicly quoted company, growing rapidly with over 3000 customers including 7 out of the 8 largest cloud titans which include eBay, Facebook, Microsoft, Netflix, PayPal, Spotify, and industry partners such as VMware, Dell, F5, HP, Infinera, Nuage, Palo Alto Networks, Supermicro, Inc and Rackspace. Arista is headquartered in Santa Clara, California and has development offices in the US, Canada, India and now Ireland.

Arista recently acquired the Awake Security NDR (Network Detection and Response) platform and is excited to expand the platform's presence through new cybersecurity partnerships.  These partnerships are instrumental in closing large deals and expanding our product's market share and we are hiring a software engineer to join our team to build out new integrations for these key partners.

## Job Description

## Requirements

*   Experience with functional programming
*   We expect candidates to be proficient in at least one of the following (or similar) languages: Haskell, OCaml, SML, Purescript, Scheme, Erlang.
*   Some proficiency with Haskell is desired
*   We expect a candidate to have used Haskell in some prior capacity.  If you do not have professional Haskell experience then an open source Haskell portfolio is an acceptable substitute.
*   Experience with common cybersecurity tools is a plus
*   A significant part of the work will involve building functional workflows involving the Awake Security Platform and partner security products such as SIEMs, EDRs, and security orchestration platforms. Past experience with these systems will be beneficial.

### Reponsibilities

*   Extending our platform's language (EAQL) to power new integrations
*   Many integrations require adding new built-in functionality to EAQL to support new APIs and protocols, such as syslog, Kafka, or various cloud services.  You will be extending the EAQL language with new built-ins to add any missing capabilities.
*   Authoring EAQL code to integrate with our cybersecurity partners
*   You will also be an EAQL user, authoring EAQL code to bind to external APIs to extend our platform's capabilities.
*   Tech evangelism
*   The long term goal of this work is to empower our customers to bind to new cybersecurity platforms in our product using EAQL.  To that end, you will eventually be teaching and documenting how end users can author EAQL code for the same purpose.

## Additional Information

### Values

*   Compassion: We believe our mission is one of service to others, whether that is protecting our customers from harm or empowering other developers to do work they are proud of.
*   Reliability: We like to "move fast without breaking things" and believe that typed and functional languages like Haskell empower developers to be productive and write correct software without sacrificing quality.
*   Responsibility: We bias towards taking ownership, leading, and filling in gaps instead of treating tasks outside our comfort zone as someone ee's responsibility.
